I first became interested in joining the military back in the day when
my father used to come back from his work in his uniform from the army,
and he'd tell me about all of the things that he had experienced.
I grew up in the fifth sixth and seventh grade and part of the eighth
grade in Germany, and although I didn't really see the military
part of it, I did see some of the things that like you could have outside
of the work. So I saw the nice house that you could live in,
I saw the cool car that he was driving, I saw many times you know people
PTing, exercising outside, PT is physical training. So I kind of
got the impression of like what the military lifestyle would be like
compared to all the civilian lifestyles that I saw back where I'm
from, and I gotta say it was really impressive.